okay I thought no one would dare attempt
to rescue me you are either brave or
foolish you find me relentless there
must be a glyph nearby that powers the
ward find it and shut it down what was
it that you learned in the industrial
quarter tell me in case I cannot for now
tell you now before I am freed
what would you do in my place key I
would offer my rescuer a token of trust
that information is for Bora door where
haven't I answer your confidence yet you
have not mask you'd me very well I will
return chalky
personally I love that cutscene just
because I totally know it's within
Caine's character to take that secret
information there and just leave her
this puzzles a little bit obscure you
kind of have to see the scratch marks
there on in front of the statue it's
really the only thing that can be
interacted with in this room but still
I'm pretty certain I wasted a whole
bunch of time trying to figure that out
when I was a kid because it can only be
seen from one angle and those doors are
open on the outside however once that
little secret passage has been opened
you can now circumvent the front which
has now has a gate over it just like
before and of course with the gate
active on the outside the inner gates
become well unactivated your heart it's
nothing we must get to the roof once I'm
outsiders and social roles I can use a
spell to transport us back to sanctuary
no at last one Philip so mr. of smiling
what creature can shed the blood of my
son had the Sun so the prize I had won a
lifetime ago who's in there somehow
physician offices you know me
imma be distraught
Brown backwaters of passing time or no
plans were set alight and sear the smoke
and ashes let those words be your
epitaph me that the nation was quenched
in blood long ago without a meeting you
such a nature dare you challenge me die
fear nor death is rated at my hands how
many times as I teaching that lesson
he's too strong for you came with the
soul reaver he can kill us both he must
flee and fight him what we are stronger
no release me
demon of Filth is mine I
No
will copy
boomer alive and safe can you have all
our thanks I can follow wardens when it
suits me we met the Seraphin Lord he
showed himself he is touch more powerful
than I expected and he has the soul
reaver strange that you did not tell me
this at the first you are not ready to
fight the set of m'lord I told you that
it was only by good fortune that we
escaped border I must speak with you you
have information for us I know you may
speak I was in the heart of the main
Factory in the industrial quarter before
the gods discovered me I had found a
huge central chamber that housed some
kind of magic portal this portal looked
into a place the likes of which I had
never seen before and this portal was
held open by a single source of magic a
stone said on a pedestal Bora door I
believe it was the Nexus stone the Nexus
tone of course what is this thing
explain the Nexus stone is an item of
great power it can bend time and space
to create doorways to any location
within Nazca I know not why the sarah
van Lord would be using it within the
industrial quarter
could put to great use and what use is
that one who wears the stone cannot be
harmed by the Soul Reaver that is this
what a legend to be proved force at the
fatal moment oh no no legend at all it
has been proven the Seraphin Lord wore
the stone when he defeated you 200 years
ago what how else could he have resisted
the power of the soul reaver you were
unable to use the swords power and
without it he was able to defeat you
then I shall take the stone and use it
to kill him but know this when I recover
it i will also claim ownership of it I
trust that is understood then you commit
yourself to fighting the seraphs m'lord
there can be no turning back I was
committed to that in the moment you
revived me nothing will turn me away so
be it you must use the subway to reach
the industrial quarter which lies in the
northeastern part of the city find your
way past the gate that blocks the
townspeople from entering but perhaps we
may leave that to your invention once in
the quarter look for the main factory
complex it is there that the stone is
held i will return with the nexus 10 the
Seraphin Lords head ok everybody join me
next time when we will be heading into
chapter 6 the industrial quarter the
MacGuffin stone of course they decide to
add this random stone which somehow
subverts the power of the soul reaver
even though that doesn't make sense and
there's absolutely no time during the
timeline for someone to have developed
such a stone much less having given it
to the sarafan lord but we'll deal with
all that later anyways next time we're
going after this crazy thing and it's
going to be just absolutely fun and
amazing like I'm sure you all expect it
is and if I'm lying may God strike me
down with lightning alright guys we'll
see you later
oh god the lightning